Kristina Frye
CS 300
November 26, 2013
CL3 and CL4

CL3:

Compliance Level 3 of sequ adds the ability to have sequences of types other
than floating-point numbers.

Specifically, CL3 sequ MUST accept as arguments and output as results:
arbitrary-precision integers, single lowercase alphabetic (ASCII) letters,
single uppercase alphabetic (ASCII) letters, and lowercase or uppercase unsigned
Roman Numerals.

The sequ command MUST accept a new flag, "--format-word" or "-F", that takes a
one-word argument indicating the type of the sequence. The sequ command MUST
accept the format-word arguments "arabic" (for integers), "floating", "alpha"
(for letters), "ALPHA", "roman" or "ROMAN"; the all-uppercase variants indicate
uppercase sequences.

The sequ command MUST accept limit arguments (start, end, and increment) in the
format consistent with the format-word. Arabic limit arguments MAY be "promoted"
to Roman Numerals when Roman output is requested. The increment argument for
alpha formats MUST be arabic. Otherwise, the limit arguments MUST be in the same
format as the format-word. When no format-word is given, the format MUST be
inferred from the format of the mandatory end argument.

CL4:

Compliance Level 4 of sequ adds the ability to number the lines of a textfile
presented on the input.

CL4 sequ MUST accept the "--number-lines" / "-n" argument. This argument
indicates that, rather than outputting the sequence on standard output, sequ
will act as a filter, numbering lines of a file read from standard input to
standard output. Each line "number" will be in the format specified by the
"--format-word" argument, or inferred from the start or increment limit argument
if the "--format-word" argument is not supplied. The end argument is irrelevant
when "--number-lines" is supplied; it MUST NOT be accepted. The separator
between the line number and the line may be given by the "--separator" argument,
defaulting to space.
---

Found library for roman numbers here: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/roman/
Downloaded package and moved roman.py into my src directory so I can
use it with sequ.

I can use roman.py to convert integers to roman, roman to integer, and to
find out if a string is a valid roman numeral.

In order to increment roman numbers, I can get the integer equivalent, increment
the number, and convert the new integer back to roman format.

I will need to change my argparse setup. Currently it converts all inputs to
floats. I will need to parse them as strings and then see if they are ints,
floats, romans, or alphas.

---

Although this is not a requirement, I wanted to be able to print sequences of
alpha characters that are longer than 27. So I implemented the sequencing of
characters such that z is followed by aa, which is followed by ab, etc. Since
characters always take precedence over roman, this means that all roman
characters are also valid alpha strings. Therefore, roman will only be used when
specified by the user with the -F/--format_word roman option.

Also, I have coded my parser such that non-fractional numbers are always parsed
as ints instead of being classified as floats. That is, a '1' will always be
classified as an int whereas 1.1 is classified as a float. This affects my logic
because ints are valid limit arguments for floats, but floats are not valid
limit arguments for integers.
